README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Linaro/lava-test-plans.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Linaro/lava-test-plans)

# Installation

To install the latest development version:

    git clone https://github.com/Linaro/lava-test-plans.git
    cd ./lava-test-plans

You need to install Python dependencies:

    pip3 install -r requirements.txt

If the above commands succeed, you can run to check that the program starts correctly

    ./submit_for_testing.py -h

# External variables

External variables are set in the *variables.ini* file. Each line in this file
is in the form
```
key=value
```
Lines starting with *#* are omited. Variables can also be set using
*--overwrite-variables* parameter to *submit_for_testing.py* script. List of used
variables:

 * *PROJECT_NAME*: used as the first part in the test job name. Can be set to
   differentiate LAVA test jobs between different teams/projects
 * *BUILD_NUMBER*: used as last part in the test job name.
 * *KERNEL_BRANCH*: used in test job name
 * *OS_INFO*: used in test job name
 * *LAVA_JOB_PRIORITY*: priority of the LAVA job, used by LAVA scheduler
 * *LAVA_JOB_VISIBILITY*: defaults to *public*. This block can be used to restrict job visibility to user or group.
 * *AUTO_LOGIN_*: default *PROMPT='login:', *USERNAME='root' and *PASSWORD=''.
 * *BOOT_LABEL*: default BOOT_LABEL='boot'.
 * *TAGS*: variable should contain tags required by job. Formtatting is important and this variable should be
 formatted as python list. Example [tag1, tag2]
 * *UBOOT_VERSION_STRING*: string that is matched in the u-boot shell from output of command *version*

## Timeouts

Overall job timeout is a sum of action timeouts. There are 6 components:
 * *lxc_deploy_timeout*
 * *lxc_boot_timeout*
 * *lxc_install_fastboot_timeout*
 * *target_deploy_timeout*
 * *target_boot_timeout*
 * *test_timeout*

When LXC is not in use all *lxc_* timeouts are set to 0. *test_timeout* is defined for each test template. *target_* timeouts can be set separately for each device.

Commit message:

submit_for_testing: support storing variables in YAML file
Signed-off-by: Milosz Wasilewski <milosz.wasilewski@linaro.org>

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Linaro/lava-test-plans.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Linaro/lava-test-plans)

# Installation

To install the latest development version:

    git clone https://github.com/Linaro/lava-test-plans.git
    cd ./lava-test-plans

You need to install Python dependencies:

    pip3 install -r requirements.txt

If the above commands succeed, you can run to check that the program starts correctly

    ./submit_for_testing.py -h

# External variables

External variables are set in the *variables.ini* file. Each line in this file
is in the form
```
key=value
```
Lines starting with *#* are omited. Variables can also be set using
*--overwrite-variables* parameter to *submit_for_testing.py* script. List of used
variables:

 * *PROJECT_NAME*: used as the first part in the test job name. Can be set to
   differentiate LAVA test jobs between different teams/projects
 * *BUILD_NUMBER*: used as last part in the test job name.
 * *KERNEL_BRANCH*: used in test job name
 * *OS_INFO*: used in test job name
 * *LAVA_JOB_PRIORITY*: priority of the LAVA job, used by LAVA scheduler
 * *LAVA_JOB_VISIBILITY*: defaults to *public*. This block can be used to restrict job visibility to user or group.
 * *AUTO_LOGIN_*: default *PROMPT='login:', *USERNAME='root' and *PASSWORD=''.
 * *BOOT_LABEL*: default BOOT_LABEL='boot'.
 * *TAGS*: variable should contain tags required by job. Formtatting is important and this variable should be
 formatted as python list. Example [tag1, tag2]
 * *UBOOT_VERSION_STRING*: string that is matched in the u-boot shell from output of command *version*

Variables can also be stored in YAML file. Usual YAML syntax applies.

## Timeouts

Overall job timeout is a sum of action timeouts. There are 6 components:
 * *lxc_deploy_timeout*
 * *lxc_boot_timeout*
 * *lxc_install_fastboot_timeout*
 * *target_deploy_timeout*
 * *target_boot_timeout*
 * *test_timeout*

When LXC is not in use all *lxc_* timeouts are set to 0. *test_timeout* is defined for each test template. *target_* timeouts can be set separately for each device.
